Great job getting through this lesson.
This is just the beginning of our security GRC journey.
Let's do a quick recap of what we went over.
We distinguished security GRC from an overall GRC context.
We defined GRC roles.
We talked about ways that each area of GRC interrelate.
Then finally, we discussed how to interpret organizational GRC needs.
As we continue to move through this course,
I want you to continue to think about security GRC as a collection of security outcomes.
But also remember to think about each component as an individual role.
Each one of those designed to support
the organization's mission by accomplishing their specific tasks.
Now, I know that GRC doesn't have the pizzazz or swagger of other security roles.
But it's vitally important to a business's success and something that you
have to master if you have aspirations of becoming a chief information security officer.
Stick with it.
We'll see you in the next lesson.